Anthonyreynoldspublic patch 1 (#27)
Saturn91/DescentFromArkovsTowerWiki: modding/index.md

    - [mod development](mod-development/index.md)

## Summary
Modding in Descent from Akrov's tower is intended to be straight forward. When you start the game, you will find an Option "Mods" in the main menu that leads you to the Modmanager. The ModManager is where you can:
1. [create new mods](mod-creation.md)
2. [subscribing / installing mods from the steam workshop](steam-workshop/steam-workshop-index.md)
3. [Push your own Mods to the Workshop](publish-mods/index.md).

> > Disclaimer: MacOS Users do not have access to the Workshop from in game and thus cannot download mods. MacOS users can create mods with these instructions

Reviewer: maybe: 

```suggestion
> Disclaimer: MacOS Users do not have access to the Workshop from in game and thus cannot download or upload their mods. Other than the online aspect, MacOS users can use the same tools as anyone else (e.g. create and run their own mods),
```
